README.md, before:

# Github search tool

Web Gui for searching through repositories hosted on GitHub using features like search by topic, search in code, plus many others advanced filters.

This project makes use of Angular CLI (https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 6.0.8, and talks to the GitHub search API version 3 (https://developer.github.com/v3/search/).

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running lint

Run `ng lint` to execute the linting of your code via [tsLint](https://palantir.github.io/tslint/).

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

Commit message:

Update install and run instructions

README.md, after:

# Github search tool

Web Gui for searching through repositories hosted on GitHub using features like search by keyword, topic, search in code, and others advanced filters.

This project makes use of Angular CLI (https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 6.0.8, and talks to the GitHub search API version 3 (https://developer.github.com/v3/search/).

## Build and run instructions
(Min requirement Node 9 and Npm 5.5)
```
git clone https://github.com/AnnaAmidani/github-search.git
cd github-search
npm install @angular/cli
```

Run `ng serve` for a dev server (or `npm run-script start`).
Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. 

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running lint

Run `ng lint` to execute the linting of your code via [tsLint](https://palantir.github.io/tslint/).

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).
